# Run SpotBugs

[SpotBugs](https://spotbugs.github.io/) is available for Codacy
Self-hosted, with the following plugins: [Find Security
Bugs](https://find-sec-bugs.github.io/) and
[FBContrib](https://github.com/mebigfatguy/fb-contrib).

To run this tool, you simply need to compile your Java or Scala
repository on your build server, as you would normally do, and then
invoke the
[codacy-analysis-cli](https://support.codacy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008254833-Run-local-analysis-and-Push-results)
on the root of the repository specifying the tool SpotBugs.

    codacy-analysis-cli analyse --tool spotbugs \
                                --directory <SOURCE-CODE-PATH> \
                                --project-token <PROJECT-TOKEN> \
                                --allow-network \
                                --codacy-api-base-url <API-BASE-URL> \
                                --upload \
                                --verbose

The Codacy CLI will then run SpotBugs on the compiled classes of your
repository, parse the results and if you set up the [push
results](https://support.codacy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008254833-Run-local-analysis-and-Push-results#push-results)
options, these results can be sent to Codacy and used in the analysis
for the Self-hosted version.

<span class="wysiwyg-font-size-large">Detecting Sources and Compiled
Classes</span>

Codacy tries to find the classes and map results to the files
automatically. If you use Maven, Gradle and SBT then the default layouts
are detected automatically as well.

You have the option to configure these paths manually if there is an
issue with detection. To do so, add [Codacy configuration
file](https://support.codacy.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002130625-Codacy-Configuration-File) 
to the repository root - **.codacy.yml**:

    ---
    engines:
     spotbugs:
       enabled: true
       modules:
         - classesDirectories: [ "core/target/classes" ]
           sourceDirectories:  [ "core/src/main" ]
         - classesDirectories: [ "api/target/classes" ]
           sourceDirectories:  [ "api/src/main" ]

<span class="wysiwyg-font-size-large">Increasing the timeout to run
SpotBugs</span>

When running SpotBugs on the compiled classes of larger projects, the
[default execution timeout of 15
minutes](https://github.com/codacy/codacy-analysis-cli/blob/master/README.md#commands-and-configuration)
may not be enough for SpotBugs to complete the analysis.

To increase the timeout that each tool has to execute, use the option
--tool-timeout when invoking the codacy-analysis-cli command.

For example, to set the timeout to 1 hour, run:

    codacy-analysis-cli analyse --tool spotbugs \
                                --tool-timeout 1hour \
                                --directory <SOURCE-CODE-PATH> \
                                --project-token <PROJECT-TOKEN> \
                                --allow-network \
                                --codacy-api-base-url <API-BASE-URL> \
                                --upload \
                                --verbose

 Please reach out to <support@codacy.com> if you need help with
anything.
