---
rss_title: Codacy release notes RSS feed
rss_href: /feed_rss_created.xml
description: Release notes for Codacy Cloud May 2024.
included_jira_versions: ['2024.05']
codacy_tools_version_old: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/7.10.305
codacy_tools_version_new: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/7.14.11
---

# Cloud May 2024

These release notes are for the Codacy Cloud updates during May 2024.

📢 [Visit the Codacy roadmap](https://roadmap.codacy.com) and <span class="skip-vale">let us know</span> your feedback on both new and planned product updates!

## Product enhancements

-   Improved repositories integration with the Git provider:

    -   Now the integration is always enabled. For [GitLab](../../repositories-configure/integrations/gitlab-integration.md#refreshing) and [Bitbucket](../../repositories-configure/integrations/bitbucket-integration.md#refreshing), repository admins are able to refresh the integration in case the user who added the repository to Codacy loses access to the repository.
    -   For consistency across the Codacy app, we renamed the [GitLab](../../repositories-configure/integrations/gitlab-integration.md#configuring) and [Bitbucket](../../repositories-configure/integrations/bitbucket-integration.md#configuring) integration options - **Pull Request Status** is now **Status checks**, **Pull Request Comment** is now **Issue annotations**, and **Pull Request Summary** is now **Issue summaries**. (CY-6612)

-   Added dependency vulnerability scanning support for Java via [Trivy](https://trivy.dev/). (TCE-794)
-   Added duplication analysis support for Dart via [jscpd](https://github.com/kucherenko/jscpd). (TCE-983)
-   Added support for an alternative RuboCop configuration file for Codacy analysis, `.rubocop-codacy.yml`. (TCE-983)
-   Organization admins now see the total number of repositories that have already been added to the organization on the Repositories list.<!--TODO Add screenshot and issue number-->

## Bug fixes

-   Fixed an issue that caused Security and risk management to miscalculate the counts of open findings in aggregated data. (TAROT-2682)
-   Fixed an issue preventing the analysis of a file after removing it from the Codacy configuration file, `exclude_path` setting. (TCE-924)

## Tool versions

Codacy Cloud now includes the tool versions below. The tools that were recently updated are highlighted in bold:

-   Ameba 1.5.0
-   Bandit 1.7.5
-   Brakeman 4.3.1
-   bundler-audit (deprecated) 0.9.1
-   **[Checkov 3.2.79](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov/releases/tag/3.2.79) (updated from 3.2.37)**
-   Checkstyle 10.13.0
-   Clang-Tidy 10.0.1
-   CodeNarc 3.3.0
-   CoffeeLint 5.2.11
-   Cppcheck 2.13.0
-   Credo 1.7.2
-   CSSLint (deprecated) 1.0.5
-   **[dartanalyzer 3.3.4](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) (updated from 3.3.3)**
-   detekt 1.23.5
-   ESLint 8.57.0
-   ESLint (deprecated) 7.32.0
-   Faux-Pas 1.7.2
-   Flawfinder 2.0.19
-   Gosec 2.15.0
-   Hadolint 1.18.2
-   Jackson Linter 2.15.2
-   JSHint (deprecated) 2.13.6
-   markdownlint 0.33.0
-   PHP Mess Detector 2.14.1
-   **[PHP_CodeSniffer 3.9.2](https://github.com/PHPCSStandards/PHP_CodeSniffer/releases/tag/3.9.2) (updated from 3.7.2)**
-   PMD 6.55.0
-   Prospector 1.10.3
-   PSScriptAnalyzer 1.21.0
-   Pylint 3.1.0
-   Pylint (deprecated) 1.9.5
-   remark-lint 9.1.2
-   Revive 1.3.7
-   RuboCop 1.63.1
-   Scalastyle 1.5.1
-   Semgrep 1.68.0
-   ShellCheck v0.9.0
-   SonarC# 9.23
-   SonarVB 8.15
-   Spectral 1.18.1
-   SpotBugs 4.8.3
-   SQLint 0.2.1
-   Staticcheck 2023.1.6
-   Stylelint 15.10.3
-   SwiftLint 0.54.0
-   Tailor 0.12.0
-   Trivy 0.49.1
-   TSLint (deprecated) 6.1.3
-   TSQLLint 1.11.1
-   Unity Roslyn Analyzers 1.19.0
