---
rss_title: Codacy release notes RSS feed
rss_href: /feed_rss_created.xml
description: Release notes for Codacy Cloud October 2021.
included_jira_versions: ['2021.Q4.2', '2021.Q4.3']
codacy_tools_version_old: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/3.9.12
codacy_tools_version_new: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/3.9.48
---

# Cloud October 2021

These release notes are for the Codacy Cloud updates during October 2021.

📢 [Visit the Codacy roadmap](https://roadmap.codacy.com) and <span class="skip-vale">let us know</span> your feedback on both new and planned product updates!

<!--TODO Check these issues manually

Jira issues without release notes

Epics:
-   https://codacy.atlassian.net/browse/CY-4995
-   https://codacy.atlassian.net/browse/CY-4408

-->

## Product enhancements


## Bug fixes

-   Fixed an issue that would allow requests to be triggered from our servers by injecting a URL into the cursor parameter of the API endpoint to list organization repositories. (CY-5139)
-   Added protection against CSRF attacks targeting the Codacy API v3. In the case of phishing, even if the victim opens a malicious link, the attack won't work. CVSS v3.1 score: 6.4 (Medium) (CY-5131)
-   Fixed an issue that caused secondary emails from GitLab not show in Codacy. (CY-5130)
-   Fixed an issue that was causing organisations using the legacy startup plan to get wrong messages about missing members and to not be able to reanalyse commits and PRs  (CY-5112)
-   Fix an issue on Cloud that made some features that depended on the payment plan miss-behave on rare cases. Like GitHub suggestions not being available after start paying for an organization (CY-5107)
-   Added support for the Javascript extension `.mjs`. (CY-5086)
-   Added @next/eslint-plugin-next to ESLint when using configuration file (CY-5071)
-   Fixed an issue that caused "Pro" subscriptions that were cancelled ahead of time to become invalid immediately instead of on the scheduled date for cancellation.  (CY-5025)
-   Name is not a required identifier for an account. The UI was assuming this was necessary and validating the input wrongly. We removed any validation in our UI to go accordingly with provider's options. (CY-779)

## Tool versions

Codacy Cloud now includes the tool versions below. The tools that were recently updated are highlighted in bold:

-   Ameba 0.13.1
-   Bandit 1.7.0
-   Brakeman 4.3.1
-   bundler-audit 0.6.1
-   Checkov 2.0.399
-   Checkstyle 8.44
-   Clang-Tidy 10.0.1
-   CodeNarc 2.2.0
-   CoffeeLint 2.1.0
-   Cppcheck 2.2
-   Credo 1.4.0
-   CSSLint 1.0.5
-   detekt 1.18.1
-   ESLint 7.32.0
-   Faux-Pas 1.7.2
-   Flawfinder 2.0.11
-   Gosec 2.8.1
-   Hadolint 1.18.2
-   Jackson Linter 2.10.2
-   JSHint 2.12.0
-   markdownlint 0.23.1
-   PHP Mess Detector 2.10.1
-   **PHP_CodeSniffer 3.6.1 (updated from 3.6.0)**
-   PMD 6.36.0
-   PMD (Legacy) 5.8.1
-   Prospector 1.3.1
-   PSScriptAnalyzer 1.18.3
-   Pylint 1.9.5
-   Pylint (Python 3) 2.7.4
-   remark-lint 7.0.1
-   Revive 1.0.2
-   **RuboCop 1.22.2 (updated from 1.21.0)**
-   Scalastyle 1.5.0
-   **ShellCheck v0.7.2 (updated from v0.7.1)**
-   **Sonar C# 8.30 (updated from 8.25)**
-   Sonar Visual Basic 8.15
-   SpotBugs 4.1.2
-   SQLint 0.1.9
-   Staticcheck 2020.1.6
-   Stylelint 13.13.1
-   **SwiftLint 0.43.1 (updated from 0.40.0)**
-   Tailor 0.12.0
-   TSLint 6.1.3
-   TSQLLint 1.11.1
