---
rss_title: Codacy release notes RSS feed
rss_href: /feed_rss_created.xml
description: Release notes for Codacy Cloud August 2023.
included_jira_versions: ['2023.08']
codacy_tools_version_old: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/7.6.39
codacy_tools_version_new: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/7.8.2
---

# Cloud August 2023

These release notes are for the Codacy Cloud updates during August 2023.

📢 [Visit the Codacy roadmap](https://roadmap.codacy.com) and <span class="skip-vale">let us know</span> your feedback on both new and planned product updates!

## Product enhancements

-   The CSV file exported by Security and risk management now includes three new columns: file path, line number, and detected pattern. (TAROT-2203)
-   When developers commit from GitHub, now Codacy automatically associates all email addresses linked to their GitHub user with a single Codacy committer. This reduces the number of duplicate seats in an organization when developers don’t log in to Codacy. Also, the People page for organizations now includes inline help on how to handle duplicate seats. (PLUTO-653)
-   When developers commit from Bitbucket, now Codacy automatically associates all commit email addresses belonging to the same Bitbucket user with a single Codacy committer. This reduces the number of duplicate seats for Bitbucket organizations when developers don’t log in to Codacy. (PLUTO-652)
-   The [getRepositoryWithAnalysis API endpoint](https://api.codacy.com/api/api-docs#getrepositorywithanalysis) now includes data about coverable and covered lines for a given repository. (ALA-254)

## Bug fixes

-   Pylint now supports Python 3.11 syntax. (TS-467)
-   The bug was on the Permissions where a user to cancel its own join request was required to be either <span class="skip-vale">User.Admin or Org.Admin</span> (PLUTO-692)
-   Fixed an issue that caused the People page to show fewer emails than expected for committers who are also members. (PLUTO-691)
-   Fixed an issue that prevented unauthenticated users from accessing the coverage dashboard of a public repository. (ALA-524)

## Tool versions

Codacy Cloud now includes the tool versions below. The tools that were recently updated are highlighted in bold:

-   Ameba 1.4.3
-   Bandit 1.7.0
-   Brakeman 4.3.1
-   bundler-audit 0.9.1
-   Checkov 2.3.187
-   **[Checkstyle 10.12.2](https://checkstyle.sourceforge.io/releasenotes.html#Release_10.12.2) (updated from 10.3.1)**
-   Clang-Tidy 10.0.1
-   CodeNarc 3.2.0
-   CoffeeLint 2.1.0
-   Cppcheck 2.10.3
-   Credo 1.4.0
-   CSSLint 1.0.5
-   dartanalyzer 2.17.0
-   detekt 1.22.0
-   **[ESLint 8.47.0](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/releases/tag/v8.47.0) (updated from 8.45.0)**
-   ESLint (deprecated) 7.32.0
-   Faux-Pas 1.7.2
-   Flawfinder 2.0.19
-   Gosec 2.15.0
-   Hadolint 1.18.2
-   Jackson Linter 2.14.2
-   JSHint 2.13.5
-   markdownlint 0.26.2
-   PHP Mess Detector 2.13.0
-   PHP_CodeSniffer 3.7.2
-   PMD 6.55.0
-   Prospector 1.10.2
-   PSScriptAnalyzer 1.18.3
-   Pylint 2.17.4
-   Pylint (deprecated) 1.9.5
-   remark-lint 7.0.1
-   Revive 1.3.2
-   RuboCop 1.52.1
-   Scalastyle 1.5.0
-   ShellCheck v0.9.0
-   SonarC# 8.40
-   SonarVB 8.15
-   Spectral 1.16.0
-   SpotBugs 4.7.3
-   SQLint 0.2.1
-   Staticcheck 2022.1.3
-   **[Stylelint 15.10.2](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint/releases/tag/15.10.2) (updated from 15.10.1)**
-   SwiftLint 0.50.3
-   Tailor 0.12.0
-   **[Trivy 0.44.1](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy/releases/tag/v0.44.1) (new)**
-   TSLint 6.1.3
-   TSQLLint 1.11.1
-   Unity Roslyn Analyzers 1.14.0
