---
rss_title: Codacy release notes RSS feed
rss_href: /feed_rss_created.xml
description: Release notes for Codacy Cloud February 2024.
included_jira_versions: ['2024.02']
codacy_tools_version_old: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/7.10.193
codacy_tools_version_new: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/7.10.234
---

# Cloud February 2024

These release notes are for the Codacy Cloud updates during February 2024.

📢 [Visit the Codacy roadmap](https://roadmap.codacy.com) and <span class="skip-vale">let us know</span> your feedback on both new and planned product updates!

## Product enhancements

-   The Codacy GitHub App no longer requires **Read and write access to Administration** repository permission. For more information, see the [Discontinuation of SSH keys for GitHub repositories](./cloud-2024-01-15-gh-repository-ssh-keys-discontinuation.md). (PLUTO-803)
-   The coverage data sent by the new Coverage engine to your Git provider moved from **beta** to stable. Thus, the coverage data sent by the old engine is now marked **deprecated**. For more information, [see the rollout details of the new Coverage engine](./cloud-2023-11-23-new-coverage-engine-status-checks.md). (ALA-766)
-   The [Coverage Pull Requests page](../../repositories-coverage/pull-requests.md) now gets data from the new Coverage engine. For more information, [see the rollout details of the new Coverage engine](./cloud-2023-11-23-new-coverage-engine-status-checks.md). (ALA-770)
-   The [Organization overview](../../organizations/organization-overview.md) is now available on all plans. (ALA-842)
-   Improved the mechanism to refresh organizations from the Git provider. As result, we removed the option to manually refresh the list of organizations when [adding new organizations to Codacy](../../organizations/what-are-organizations.md#adding-an-organization). (ALA-862)
-   For GitHub, if you have email privacy enabled on the provider, Codacy doesn't show your private email addresses when displaying your personal details on lists, search filters, or activity. (PLUTO-794)
-   Added support for the Checkstyle filter [SuppressionCommentFilter](https://checkstyle.sourceforge.io/filters/suppressioncommentfilter.html) to suppress audit events. (TCE-709)

## Bug fixes

-   Fixed the required permissions for Codacy API endpoints `updateRepositoryQualitySettings` and `resetRepositoryQualitySettings`. (PLUTO-870)
-   Fixed an issue preventing the Codacy app from showing the repository information for specific edge cases of repositories following a gate policy. (PLUTO-900)
-   Codacy no longer analyzes branches matching the reserved Git pattern `refs/heads/main`. (IO-905)
-   The Codacy API endpoint `listPullRequestIssues` now returns pagination information correctly. (ALA-808)
-   Fixed an issue allowing users to list GitHub personal organizations with no Codacy GitHub App installed. (ALA-820)
-   Fixed issues in the new Coverage engine causing the Codacy Diff Coverage status check on GitHub to get stuck. (ALA-869, ALA-880)

## Feature removal

-   Due to its limited adoption, we removed the option to sign up and login to Codacy using your Google Account. For increased security, remove the Codacy OAuth application access on your Google Account. For more information, see **How do I remove third-party access to my Google Account?** on [Google documentation](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/14012355?hl=en&ref_topic=14134549&sjid=15422466131901595846-EU). (ALA-817)

## Tool versions

Codacy Cloud now includes the tool versions below. The tools that were recently updated are highlighted in bold:

-   Ameba 1.5.0
-   Bandit 1.7.5
-   Brakeman 4.3.1
-   bundler-audit (deprecated) 0.9.1
-   Checkov 3.0.25
-   Checkstyle 10.13.0
-   Clang-Tidy 10.0.1
-   CodeNarc 3.3.0
-   CoffeeLint 5.2.11
-   Cppcheck 2.12.0
-   Credo 1.7.2
-   CSSLint (deprecated) 1.0.5
-   **[dartanalyzer 3.3.0](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) (updated from 2.17.0)**
-   **[detekt 1.23.5](https://github.com/detekt/detekt/releases/tag/v1.23.5) (updated from 1.22.0)**
-   ESLint 8.56.0
-   ESLint (deprecated) 7.32.0
-   Faux-Pas 1.7.2
-   Flawfinder 2.0.19
-   Gosec 2.15.0
-   Hadolint 1.18.2
-   Jackson Linter 2.15.2
-   JSHint (deprecated) 2.13.6
-   markdownlint 0.33.0
-   PHP Mess Detector 2.14.1
-   PHP_CodeSniffer 3.7.2
-   PMD 6.55.0
-   Prospector 1.10.3
-   PSScriptAnalyzer 1.21.0
-   Pylint 3.0.3
-   Pylint (deprecated) 1.9.5
-   remark-lint 9.1.2
-   **[Revive 1.3.7](https://github.com/mgechev/revive/releases/tag/v1.3.7) (updated from 1.3.4)**
-   RuboCop 1.60.2
-   Scalastyle 1.5.1
-   **[Semgrep 1.61.1](https://github.com/semgrep/semgrep/releases/tag/v1.61.1) (updated from 1.58.0)**
-   ShellCheck v0.9.0
-   **[SonarC# 9.19](https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-dotnet/tags) (updated from 8.40)**
-   SonarVB 8.15
-   Spectral 1.18.0
-   SpotBugs 4.8.3
-   SQLint 0.2.1
-   Staticcheck 2023.1.6
-   Stylelint 15.10.3
-   SwiftLint 0.54.0
-   Tailor 0.12.0
-   Trivy 0.47.0
-   TSLint (deprecated) 6.1.3
-   TSQLLint 1.11.1
-   Unity Roslyn Analyzers 1.17.0
