---
rss_title: Codacy release notes RSS feed
rss_href: /feed_rss_created.xml
description: Release notes for Codacy Cloud December 2025.
included_jira_versions: ['2025.12']
codacy_tools_version_old: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/8.16.78
codacy_tools_version_new: https://github.com/codacy/codacy-tools/releases/tag/8.16.108
---

# Cloud December 2025

These release notes are for the Codacy Cloud updates during December 2025.

📢 [Visit the Codacy roadmap](https://roadmap.codacy.com) and <span class="skip-vale">let us know</span> your feedback on both new and planned product updates!

## Product enhancements and Bug fixes

**New Features**
-   **PR Reviewer:** You can now have a contextual review of your Pull Requests, powered by Codacy's security, duplication, complexity, and coverage metrics. Only available on GitHub. (CF-2057)
-   **Ignore Reason for Ignored Issues:** Added ignore reasons for issues in your repositories and findings in the Security Dashboard. You can now choose an ignore reason: Accepted use, False positive, Not exploitable, Test code, or External code. Ignored issues and findings now display the reason, author, and date. (CF-1927)

**Improvements**

-   **JetBrains Plugin Support:** Bumped the IntelliJ plugin to support the latest versions of the JetBrains suite. (CF-2120)
-   **Dependencies List Filters:** Added new filters to the dependencies list: name search, repositories, segments, severities, and license risk levels. (LK-1846)
-   **Export SBOM:** Added export SBOM feature on the SRM Dependencies tab. (LK-1669)
-   **AI Risk Hub::** AI Risk Hub is now available! See how Codacy can help you de-risk your adoption of AI tools. (LK-1745)
-   **getCodeBlock API Endpoint Update:** The getCodeBlock endpoint was deleted and replaced with getFileContent. They provide the same functionality but rely on different path parameters. [API endpoint](https://api.codacy.com/api/api-docs#getfilecontent) (TAROT-3580)

**Bug Fixes**

-   **CLI PMD Output:** Fixed a bug on our CLI that would add error logs from a tool such as PMD to the STDOUT, which prevented correct results parsing from tools like VS Code. (CF-2115)

## Tool versions


-  **GolangCI-Lint** is our new tool with the version **2.7.2**
-  **Trivy** has a new version: **0.68.2** ( updated from 0.67.2 )
-  **aligncheck**: **1.0.0**
-  **Ameba**: **1.6.4**
-  **Bandit**: **1.8.3**
-  **Brakeman**: **4.3.1**
-  **bundler-audit**: **0.9.1**
-  **Checkov**: **3.2.457**
-  **Checkstyle**: **10.26.1**
-  **Clang-Tidy**: **10.0.1**
-  **CodeNarc**: **3.6.0**
-  **PHP_CodeSniffer**: **3.10.1**
-  **CoffeeLint**: **5.2.11**
-  **Cppcheck**: **2.18.0**
-  **Credo**: **1.7.12**
-  **CSSLint**: **1.0.5**
-  **Dart Analyzer**: **3.9.3**
-  **deadcode**: **1.0.0**
-  **detekt**: **1.23.8**
-  **ESLint v7**: **7.32.0**
-  **ESLint v8**: **8.57.0**
-  **ESLint v9**: **9.38.0**
-  **Faux Pas**: **1.7.2**
-  **Flawfinder**: **2.0.19**
-  **Revive**: **1.12.0**
-  **gosec**: **2.22.7**
-  **Hadolint**: **2.12.0**
-  **Jackson Linter**: **2.19.2**
-  **JSHint**: **2.13.6**
-  **Lizard**: **1.17.31**
-  **markdownlint**: **0.33.0**
-  **PHPMD**: **2.14.1**
-  **PMD v6**: **6.55.0**
-  **PMD v7**: **7.16.0**
-  **Prospector**: **1.17.2**
-  **PSScriptAnalyzer**: **1.24.0**
-  **Pylint v1**: **1.9.5**
-  **Pylint v3**: **3.3.9**
-  **Reek**: **6.5.0**
-  **remark-lint**: **10.0.1**
-  **Roslyn**: **1.23.0**
-  **RuboCop**: **1.80.2**
-  **Ruff**: **0.12.7**
-  **Scalameta Pro**: **1.4.4**
-  **Scalastyle**: **1.5.1**
-  **Semgrep**: **1.78.0**
-  **ShellCheck**: **0.10.0**
-  **SonarCSharp**: **9.32**
-  **SonarVB**: **8.13**
-  **Spectral**: **1.22.0**
-  **SpotBugs**: **4.8.4**
-  **SQLFluff**: **3.4.2**
-  **sqlint**: **0.2.1**
-  **Staticcheck**: **2025.1.1**
-  **stylelint**: **16.23.0**
-  **SwiftLint**: **0.61.0**
-  **Tailor**: **0.12.0**
-  **TSLint**: **6.1.3**
-  **TSQLLint**: **1.16.0**